1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
 was introduced?
The diff helped for making quicker comparisons between files. When files are 
especially large the review process for files could be very complicated
Good practice in writing code is to keep it less than 80 lines.
Thankfully Sublime helps as well by constantly tracking the amount of columns
listed in the file. 
2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
Easy access to the history of the file saves me from having to save multiple versions of the file locally. 
Also commenting files helps me note which changes were made to what intent 
when. 
It could also help for branching or deciding major changes in my thinking 
process.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google 
docs does?
Manual commits have the risk of forgeting the logical chunk that might have been worked on. 
Perhaps an automatic prompt to save/track work every few minutes on top of a manual commit option could be helpful. Nick at work does this and now I 
understand why.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Google Docs has never been an issue for me, but I've not tried to created a 
framework for an application with distinct parts before.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

When you've updated your document, click "Next" to start configuring a workspace 
that will make you more efficient at using Git.

Committs allwow the freedom to experiment like when I introduced failing tests and 
don't have to remember specifically when that was done.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
git should help me inserting my testcases on api at work. i'm also hopeful it will help some of my personal projects

